blueprintships-starfield - localization
constellation - localization
constellation - textures
creationkit - shaders
oldmars - localization
oldmars - textures
sfbgs003 - main
sfbgs003 - textures
sfbgs003 - voices_de
sfbgs003 - voices_en
sfbgs003 - voices_es
sfbgs003 - voices_fr
sfbgs003 - voices_ja
sfbgs004 - main
sfbgs004 - textures
sfbgs004 - voices_de
sfbgs004 - voices_en
sfbgs004 - voices_es
sfbgs004 - voices_fr
sfbgs004 - voices_ja
sfbgs006 - main
sfbgs006 - textures
sfbgs007 - main
sfbgs008 - main
sfbgs009 - main
sfbgs009 - textures
sfbgs00a_a - main
sfbgs00a_a - textures
sfbgs00a_d - main
sfbgs00a_d - textures
sfbgs00a_e - main
sfbgs00a_e - textures
sfbgs00a_f - main
sfbgs00a_f - textures
sfbgs00a_g - main
sfbgs00a_i - main
sfbgs00a_i - textures
sfbgs00a_j - main
sfbgs00a_j - textures
sfbgs00c - main
sfbgs00c - textures
sfbgs00c - voices_de
sfbgs00c - voices_en
sfbgs00c - voices_es
sfbgs00c - voices_fr
sfbgs00c - voices_ja
sfbgs019 - main
sfbgs019 - textures
sfbgs021 - main
sfbgs021 - textures
sfbgs023 - main
sfbgs023 - textures
shatteredspace - main01
shatteredspace - main02
shatteredspace - textures
shatteredspace - voices_en
ship power fix - main
starfield - animations
starfield - densitymaps
starfield - faceanimation01
starfield - faceanimation02
starfield - faceanimation03
starfield - faceanimation04
starfield - faceanimationpatch
starfield - facemeshes
starfield - generatedtextures
starfield - interface
starfield - localization
starfield - lodmeshes
starfield - lodmeshespatch
starfield - lodtextures01
starfield - lodtextures02
starfield - materials
starfield - meshes01
starfield - meshes02
starfield - meshespatch
starfield - misc
starfield - particles
starfield - planetdata
starfield - shaders
starfield - terrain01
starfield - terrain02
starfield - terrain03
starfield - terrain04
starfield - terrainpatch
starfield - textures01
starfield - textures02
starfield - textures03
starfield - textures04
starfield - textures05
starfield - textures06
starfield - textures07
starfield - textures08
starfield - textures09
starfield - textures10
starfield - textures11
starfield - texturespatch
starfield - voices01
starfield - voices02
starfield - voicespatch
starfield - wwisesounds01
starfield - wwisesounds02
starfield - wwisesounds03
starfield - wwisesounds04
starfield - wwisesounds05
starfield - wwisesoundspatch